= yahoofinance-typhoeus

Yahoo! Finance in Ruby. Downloads historic data with the Typhoeus library.
This project is not endorsed by or connected with Yahoo! in any way.

Copyright (C) 2010 Paul Legato. All rights reserved.
Licensed under the BSD-new license: See LICENSE for details.

== Usage

YahooFinance-Typhoeus is designed to be both highly efficient and easy to use.

=== Parallel queries (efficient)

When you instantiate a new YahooFinance object, you can tell it how
many parallel HTTP requests to make at once. The default is 20. This
seems low, but it's designed to keep you out of trouble by avoiding
DoSing Yahoo's servers. You change it at your own risk!

 require 'rubygems'
 require 'yahoofinance-typhoeus'

 yf = YahooFinance.new # or YahooFinance.new(max_number_of_concurrent_connections)

 yf.add_query("AAPL", "2008-12-01", "2008-12-15") {|response| puts response}
 yf.add_query("IBM", "2008-10-15", "2008-10-30") {|response| puts response}

 yf.run

That's all there is to it.


=== Quick, one-off query (inefficient)

 require 'rubygems'
 require 'yahoofinance-typhoeus'

 YahooFinance.quick_query("AAPL", "2009-01-01", "2009-02-01")

Note that as quick_query is intended for one-off requests, it does NOT
take advantage of libcurl/typhoeus' concurrent HTTP connections
features.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

